Clara thought about her day at work as she walked into the central monorail station. It was like every other day. There is never any change at that job, which is why it would be perfect for bots. Machines designed specifically for the purpose of stacking shelves of machinery for the robots who earn more money by doing less. Even though starting this job has made her muscles significantly stronger than most other jobs for humans, the lacklustre food her boss provides her keeps her below a specific weight. The employee training session gave Clara a book with a list of bots at the company and their role. “AI MS-1264 controls food portions for all humans while on company premises. That is a much-needed job, because without it the humans will try to take control of the city.”  That is the only mention of the minimal food provided for the human workers. Along with the poor treatment given to Clara due to loopholes in old worker’s rights laws not accounting for robots and Ai, she is subjected to a meagre pay cheque every month, not updated to the fact that a human living in modern society is so much harder than it was 30 years ago. She felt a brush of air in her skin and turned her vision back on. She turned off her sense of touch and hearing and stepped into the monorail that had arrived.

There was one other human in the carriage that Clara chose, not that she could see them behind their drawn curtains. She specifically decided the only carriage that contained a heat signature, so she didn’t have to be with the bots, and just had to hope that the human wasn’t a breather. At least she could be certain that it wasn’t a heartless. She stopped staring at the faint orange and red glow from behind the curtains and turned to look out the monorail window. The ex-human settlement she was passing had been turned into a ground for hundreds of AI development centres, all owned by the big three. Clara found it rather ironic that the place that used to represent humanities’ rule over Crown City had been replaced with the symbol of the AI’s new control. 

She hadn’t realised that the ticket master was floating next to her until it remotely enabled her hearing. This startled her out of her episode of just staring out into the city, and she was only just able to prevent herself from making a noise. She looked at the ticket master in its visor and thought she sensed disappointment from its posture. She guessed it wanted to make her get thrown off the monorail for making too much noise. Clara handed over her ticket and the ticket master took it, checked it over, for a lot longer than it should normally have, and reluctantly handed it back to Clara. She went to look back at the other human, but the heat signature was gone. The curtains were undisturbed and when she concentrated on the energy, she could still feel the presence of the human’s spare body part in their bag. She watched as the ticket master ignored the curtained off human and silently went to the next carriage. Clara turned off her hearing again and decided to go back to blankly staring out the window.

Clara felt the monorail stop moving and re-enabled her hearing. Her stop was the next one, and she had to be certain she followed all procedures, even if they were muscle memory by now. She wouldn’t get a second chance if she messed up even a single step. She was not to stand up until the monorail had completely stopped moving. After lancing at the still deceased human behind the curtains, she turned to face the carriage's designated pickup zone. The monorail arrived at her stop and suddenly slowed to a stop. Clara stood up, and moved to the pickup area. She watched as the suction tube appeared over her. She had to be very careful with where she stood, because if she was even an inch too far in a certain direction, the tube would rip off the parts of her body that were not inside the zone. Clara was certain she was in the right spot. An artificial voice over the intercom counted down. Three. Two. One. The tube sucked Clara up with a *thunk* and placed her in the carriage 17 placement zones at Kawaniri Station. No one spoke to her as she walked out of the station and towards the human slums. They never did.

As she walked through the slums, Clara heard the insufferable noises she was used to hearing as she walked. Laughter. She didn’t know why she hated the sound of laughter so much, but she knew that no one in Crown City had a reason to be happy, let alone be this happy this often. She wanted to turn her hearing off, but the enforcers remotely implemented a device in the slums to automatically turn off sensory devices at curfew, and it automatically re-enabled them if they were manually disabled before that. She saw some Kawarian children playing a very old game where you kick a ball with your feet. She didn’t know the name of the sport, and she didn’t want to, because how would knowing it enrich her life in any way? Clara looked around for the parents of the children, and was surprised to see both of them, standing next to each other watching their children. The fact that both parents, let alone just one, were there surprised Clara, but what surprised her the most was the fact that the parents had huge smiles on their faces. They seemed like they were genuinely experiencing happiness. Feelings that Clara had buried years ago were resurfacing on seeing this happy family. The parents noticed Clara watching them, and their smiles faded noticeably. They were still there, but the expression on their face was more of concern for what could happen if Clara wanted to do anything to them. Clara saw their expression and quickly left the family to their business as she continued through the slums to her apartment block.

I should apologise to that family, Clara thought to herself while she continued walking away from them, feeling their Kawarian eyes burning into the back of her skull. They probably think I’m a freak of nature, don’t they. I suppose they aren’t entirely wrong, but still, I didn’t have a choice. It was either live life as a wagie, or end up dead in a ditch somewhere. Maybe I can still choose that second option. Who would miss me? The company would end up having to hire someone else, but at least it would get me out of that hellhole. Perhaps I should call my parents. Parental love is supposed to be unconditional, right? 
Clara considered for a moment and thought that if anyone could help her out of this spiral she was falling into, her mother would be able to help her out of it. She searched her contacts list and tried to find her mother. She was surprised that she hadn’t removed her when they stopped talking. She wondered whether there was a payphone nearby, as her company had elected to not install the messaging and phone features in her head implants as they believed it would be “too distracting”. She looked with frustration as the company blocked internet searches for 2 hours before, and after company working hours, not to mention the entire time while she was working. Clara walked for a few minutes before she finally found a payphone. She ran over to it and was relieved to see that she had just enough money to make a short 2-minute phone call. She called her mother’s number into the phone and heard it ringing. Clara’s mother picked up the phone and spoke into it. 
“Hello? Who is this?” 
Clara was surprised at how glad she was to hear her mother's voice that she just blurted out “Mum, it's me, Clara!”. Clara waited for a response. And she waited. She waited a few more seconds before saying, “Mum?” 
“You shouldn’t have called me, I’m not your mother any more. You know that.”
The person you called has hung up, your phone call ended 1 minute and 32 seconds before the cut-off point. This phone booth does not give refunds.
And with that, Clara was alone. As she had been all these years.
She enabled her internal compass for a few seconds to make sure she was still heading in the right direction, as her “conversation” with her mother had disoriented her quite a bit, especially in the Kawarian slums where almost every direction looks identical to every other direction. She regained her bearings and continued walking to her apartment building, which was still a 10-minute walk away, even with her more than capable enhanced legs to let her walk faster. Clara tried to stop thinking while she was heading towards her home, but her mind kept coming back to the thought that she would be better off dead. At least that way, she would never be able to disappoint anyone ever again. Only one, single time more. Clara kept wondering why she hadn’t done it sooner. She kept coming back to the realisation that it was a lot of effort to do it. Effort that her body was unable to give her. Until today. Ironically, the fact that she was more motivated to kill herself than to do anything else made her even more dead set on doing it. She knew how she would do it if she was to do it, she’d thought about it so many times before today. She knew everything about the restrictions that her company placed on her “job required” cybernetic enhancements which would allow or not allow her to do certain things. One of the things the job was not too keen on was the humans working for the company forcing them to find replacements, as it was a surprising amount of work, even for many AIs. 

Clara arrived at her apartment building and stared up at her balcony. She decided that she would put her final plan into action. She entered the building and went up the stairs for what she had planned on being the final time. She entered the corridor to her flat and opened the door, however before entering she quickly set off the fire alarms in the building. Despite having a passionate hatred for the humans, the AI in control of Crown City would much rather not have to deal with having to replace numerous humans in a short span of time, given how long they take to develop. She locked herself inside her apartment and knew she would have roughly 3 minutes before the door was kicked down by the on-site security to take her out to the courtyard. Clara quickly ran to her medicine cupboard and downed all the sleeping pills she had, of which there were quite a few. She then decided to also cut wherever on her body was still flesh, so parts of the arms and chest, in the hopes the trauma team checking on her would get too distracted by her bleeding out of her limbs to check her stomach. She cut the locations she was going to cut and waited. She waited for a minute before what she had just done had truly set in for her. Clara was going to die. She was never going to get a second chance at being the daughter her mother wanted her to be. She was never going to be able to do anything again. She was just going to be gone. Forever. With no chance to return. It was at that moment that, for the first time in over a decade, Clara began to cry. She was surprised her body still knew how to, especially given the lack of tear ducts in one of her eyes, but she wept. She realised at that moment that she didn’t want to die, but that it was probably too late for her. The sleeping pills must have kicked in, because not long after she started weeping, Clara passed out on her kitchen floor, surrounded in blood and still holding the knife she used.




