Lilac saw her target from the top of the buildings she was sitting on—about 15 stories above ground. He was wearing a grey jacket with a very clean looking pair of jeans, which was the main reason Lilac was able to spot him so easily. After-all, in a city with as much dust as Seolin, clean clothes were one of the giveaways of a foreigner. The second giveaway of Lilac’s target was that he seemed to be in a rush to get away from wherever he had been, and was clearly not used to traversing the Seolin bustle. He kept trying to move away from the flow of movement with people trying to get to their destination. Today that was likely to be the city centre as it marked 10 years since the Sapien-Techno war ended, and people were planning on paying their respects to the dead. Lilac would ask the dead for their forgiveness and pay her respects to them at a later date. Right now she had a date with this foreigner, and that date had to go smoothly. Lilac stood up on the 15 story building she had been sitting on the edge of, then looked down. And then she stepped over the edge. Falling off the edge of a building is the best way to get down to the ground, however it also usually happens to be a rather one way trip. This is not the case for someone as geared up as Lilac, as well as for someone with her acrobatic skills. Lilac’s tempered legs were easily able to withstand landing on the balcony about three stories below her. “Twelve to go.” Lilac muttered to herself as she prepared her legs to jump across the road to the balcony straight ahead of her and 5 stories down. She had hoped that she wouldn’t gain attention with her stunts however she knew it was likely people would notice her. She decided the best thing to do would be to ignore them for now and bring a spare disguise that she can slip into incase people start asking her too many questions. Lilac landed on the green balcony she intended to and was just barely able to control her legs well enough to avoid slamming into the wall in front of her. 
“Fuck you Lyra, my old legs were perfectly fine.” Lyra had been the Research and Devlopment manufacturer at Lilac’s agency who had ‘strongly recommended’ that Lilac get cybernetic leg enhancements. Lilac had only very recently gotten out of the medical base—the morning she was given her assignment in Seolin, around 14 days before now. A voice suddenly echoed in Lilac’s ears.
“Young Lady! Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?” The unmistakable voice of Lyra rang through Lilac’s earphone in her usual playful and sarcastic tone.
“Apologies, oh great god in my ear,  I promise I shall never utter that word again.” Lilac replied to Lyra’s taunt also sarcastically, as she prepared to jump down a few stories to her right, in the direction of her target.
“Thank you, I’ve always hated the word ‘old’ anyway, now it means you can’t call me old anymore.” Lyra was 2 years older than her fiancé, to which Lilac had made much fun of throughout the course of their long relationship.
Lilac jumped, and replied that she would come up with other ways to call her future wife old while plummeting through the air.
“How are the legs holding up Li?” Lyra continued speaking in her playful way, but dropped the sarcasm.
“I think you can tell based on the fact that i’m still 4 stories above ground.”
“Oh come now, your old legs would have shattered after doing what you’ve been doing today.”
Lilac grunted in response and jumped into the alleyway across the road from the balcony she just landed on. 
“Thank you for the legs, I have to go now to actually do my job. Don’t you have some project you should be working on?”
“Well technically yes I have multiple, but I’d much rather talk to my fiancé.”
“Your fiancé has to leave now, so enjoy your work, I love you, Bye.” With that Lilac removed her earphone and stuffed it into her satchel, which had somehow not ripped while plummeting through the air, while pulling out a new disguise. She hadn’t been pestered about her actions, but she thought it would be safer than meeting her target in the same clothes that could have been caught on camera. She tossed her wig in the trash and placed on her new one. Thanks to Lyra’s hard work and excellent knowledge of Lilac’s body the wig fit her perfectly and she barely had to adjust it. I shouldn’t have been so mean, these legs are pretty good. Lilac thought as she entered the bustling streets of Seolin trying to get closer to her target. She knew where he was at the current moment, but she didn’t have long before he would get pushed away in the waves of people trying to get to the city centre. If she lost him now her agency would likely not get a chance to make contact with him for weeks.
I guess I can buy her a souvenir to make up for it. Lilac continued making her way through the crowded streets while attentively looking out for the grey jacket. The jeans would be unhelpful now, as they had been exposed to the outside for too long by now, and she would likely not be able to see them among the people anyway. Lilac looked all around herself and then spotted her target entering a coffee shop to her left, and about 200 meters in front of her. She breathed a sigh of relief that she noticed him, and slowly made her way over to him. Lilac entered the coffee shop around 2 minutes after her target. She looked over at him and smiled happily. 
“Excuse me, Sir, would you be so kind as to let me sit down? You see I have been rather lonely recently and you are the only Corbetan I’ve seen for a few days now, if not weeks. I’ve been rather conversation starved haha.” Lilac smiled warmly as she spoke to one of the most senior military generals of Corbet.
“I don’t see why not, I’ve been delayed a little bit due to the busy roads. I suppose I picked the wrong time to try and make my way to my meeting. You may sit, Miss…”
“Rebecca, Rebecca Langley”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you Miss Langley, I am Ryan Piron.” 
Ryan Piron of the National Party of Uniformity, yes I know who you are. You are one of the most dangerous men in all of Corbet and your party cannot be allowed to take control.
“Likewise Mr Piron.”
“Did you have anything specific you wished to talk about Miss Langley? Or did you just want to chat about anything we can come up with? Also, call me Ryan, it’s rather nice to hear a change from what all my colleagues call me every now and then.”
I need to ask him about his line of work, I know he mentioned his colleagues, but it’s still too soon to ask him what he does for a living
“Thank you Ryan, I didn’t have anything specific, but I thought I might regale you with some stories I have had from my time working as a bartender. I know that may sound a little selfish, but I’ve been terribly lonely these past few weeks.” Lilac, now under the alias of ‘Rebecca’, and only ever spent 4 weeks working as a professional bartender, but she had acquaintances whom she had asked for detailed accounts of the work experience. Of course, she would always be able to come up with a completely new story on her own, however the best lies are ones that are rooted in truth, so it would be best if she enticed information out of Ryan with as realistic stories as she could muster. What better way to do that than to tell true stories.
“I would be delighted to hear about your bartending stories. My niece is a bartender-in-training so if you have any tips you wish to pass on to her I would be delighted to hear them.”
“Okay then, I’ll try to think of an interesting one while I go and order us some drinks, what would you like?”
“Oh please Miss Langley, I’ll order the drinks, think of it as me buying the story off of you with a coffee.”
“Are you certain? I can give you some money if you want us to split the bill.” 
“I’m certain, my good lady, what would you like to drink?” Ryan said while standing up.
“In that case I’ll gladly have a double espresso.”
“I will be back shortly then.”
Why is he being so nice? This isn’t what our reports of him say. Could he be an imposter? Could he have figured out that I’m a spy? I’ll have to make certain he doesn’t think that. Lilac paused for a moment then suddenly thought, Shit. I missed the moment to bring up his work. I guess I can try and stuff it into one of my bartending stories. Why couldn’t the agency have picked someone else for this assignment. I’m not cut out for this. I’m so bad at improvisation I- Lilac was cut off by a loud knock on the table she was sitting on. She was startled back to reality where she saw Ryan holding two mugs, not cups of coffee. 
He must be planning on staying for a while if he got a mug instead of a cup, that’s good, this gives me some time to prepare to ask for his contact information. The mugs contained one double espresso and one Mocha Cortado. Lilac was an expert in coffees, but Rebecca was only a bartender for alcohol, and would have no way of knowing it was a Mocha Cortado
“Thank you so much Ryan, what did you get yourself?”
“It’s a Mocha Cortado, basically just an espresso with milk I believe, but it’s very nice.”
“That’s good. By the way Ryan, I believe I have a bartending story that you will find amusing.”
“I can’t wait to hear it.” Ryan said, with what seemed to Lilac’s well trained eyes to be a genuine smile.
Either the reports are wrong, or this man is an incredibly actor




// Lilac tells the bartending story, and attempts to pry some information out of Ryan in regards to his job

// Lilac asks for Ryan’s number, so that they can meet up again at some point

//Lilac doesn’t realise it, but the whole time Ryan has been trying to flirt with her, and that was the reason he was so nice to her

//Either ^^ or he’s genuinely a nice guy, not sure which I prefer yet

//I will need to rewrite some of the dialogue to make this seem more accurate but i’m sure it’ll be fine

//Lilac never mentioned her fiancé to him, after all, Rebecca was created about 5 minutes before walking into the coffee shop

//Lilac is told by her agency to use this advantage, but she says she will only do that if Lyra agrees to it too


